how to get rid of beer belly
in four weeks there are so many diet
tips and exercise techniques
proliferating on the internet regarding
how to get rid of that stubborn belly
fat but did you know there is actually
an easy-to-follow regimen on how to get
rid of beer belly in four weeks listen
up and you'll know exactly how to
accomplish this week one the first week
involves letting go of unhealthy eating
habits and transitioning from a
sedentary lifestyle to a more active
lifestyle you can do this by cutting out
the beer junk food fast food and sugary
food start shopping for leafy greens
lean meat and non starchy fruits on your
next trip to the grocery store munch on
healthy snacks such as nuts whole grains
or wheat bread grill royal or bake your
meat instead of frying improve your
metabolism by evenly spreading out 5
small meals in a day for the next few
weeks you'll be starting on a more
rigorous exercise regimen so start
getting more active this week as a
warm-up something as simple as taking
the stairs instead of the elevator can
do the trick give yourself an excuse to
stand up and walk around as much as
possible rather than sitting in front of
your desk the whole day in the office
consider getting a pedometer or use a
pedometer app your goal is to achieve
10,000 steps per day one easy trick to
kick start your metabolism during the
day is squeeze half a lemon into a cup
of warm water and drink it first thing
in the morning it will help cleanse your
system of toxins and give your digestive
system a boost to burn belly fat easily
week 2 whether you choose to go to the
gym or just to your workouts at home get
more active by doing 30 minutes of
cardiovascular workouts 3 to 5 times in
a week do some stretching exercises
before and after your workout so that
you can increase the flexibility of your
muscle groups if you feel like you can't
handle too much exercise at the moment
you can start with exercising for 15
minutes then 20 minutes up until you can
reach 30 minutes of consistent exercise
as for your diet continue eating five
small meals a day drink green tea before
meals to help your metabolism burn more
fat eat some avocados bananas and
berries after meals to help you fight
off that stubborn belly fat for snacks
try yogurt chocolate skim milk and whole
grains to keep you full or help you
recover faster after a strenuous workout
week three for the third week start
adding 20 minutes of abdominal exercises
to your regular 30-minute workout
abdominal exercises include lunges lunge
twist lunge reach and jump lunges squats
sit-ups or crunches you can start with
doing 20 or 30 rounds of the abdominal
exercise of your choice until you can
reach a hundred or more if you can you
can also vary your exercises as long as
you have done your required cardio
beforehand week four are you ready now
to put your active lifestyle to the next
level increase your workouts from one
hour to two hours per day if your
schedule permits it try exercising six
times a week let your body recover for
one day after six days of consistent
exercise before starting on a new week
as you lose more weight you have to
increase your physical activity to make
sure that your weight loss doesn't
plateau can you really lose that
BeerBelly within a month it really
depends on how much time and effort you
invest in order to achieve that long
yearned for sexy physique keep the
aforementioned tips in mind as simple
yet effective ways on how to get rid of
beer belly in four weeks you will not
only look better with a slimmer body but
you also ensure that you lessen your
risk of developing cardiovascular
diseases and diabetes
you